add history of tutorials list (#21078)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/tutorials/index.rst

 * `Potential Flow tutorial data <https://visit-dav.github.io/largedata/datarchives/potential_flow>`_
 * `VisIt Basics tutorial data <https://visit-dav.github.io/largedata/datarchives/visit_tutorial>`_

> Tutorial Overview Slides: `Visualization and Analysis of HPC Simulation Data with VisIt and Ascent <https://visit-dav.github.io/largedata/datarchives/tutorial>`_

Author: ```suggestion
Tutorial Overview Slides: `Visualization and Analysis of HPC Simulation Data with VisIt and Ascent <https://github.com/visit-dav/largedata/blob/master/bindocs/2026_07_29_ATPESC26_VisIt_and_Ascent_Tutorial_Intro.pdf?raw=true>`_
```
